# Fibonacci Library

A sample library to calculate Fibonacci number.

Run `make doc` to generate the documentation.

Run `sudo apt-get install doxygen` to install doxygen if you don't have it on your Linux system.

## Documentation

Doxygen is used to document this project. The documentation is built by Netlify every time a push is made to this repository.
After that the built documentation is published to [https://ou-cs3560-examples.netlify.com/](https://ou-cs3560-examples.netlify.com/)

## Modification done to Doxyfile

The Doxyfile was generated by `doxygen -g`. The following parameters were modified.

- `PROJECT_NAME` to give a proper project name.

- `PROJECT_BRIEF` to give a proper short description of the project.

- `USE_MDFILE_AS_MAINPAGE` is pointing to this README.md to be used as the main page. Otherwise, the main page will be empty.

- `GENERATE_LATEX` is set to NO since we are not using the LaTeX output.


## About Doxygen

The command `doxygen -g` or `doxygen -g Doxyfile` is only run once when there is no `Doxyfile` in the project. This command
creates the basic configuration for doxygen.

Later on when a document need to be recreate the command `doxygen` can be used. If the configuration file is
not named `Doxyfile`, then a file name can be added to the command (e.g. `doxygen ConfigFile`).

This README.md file is used as the main page for the generated doxygen documentation. 
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13368350/use-the-readme-md-file-as-main-page-in-doxygen
